C programming notes: 
Topics:
1. Compilation
2. Keywords
3. Variables
4. Loops

1. Compilation:
	Q) What is a compiler?
	A tool which converts the program/source code into executable file is called compiler.

Q) What is compilation?
The process where the tool uses to convert the source code into executable file is called compiler.
* First stage: Pre-processing stage
	Here, in this stage the compiler first processes the directives that start from # symbol.Where, It includes header files and also macro expansion
* Second stage: Compilation
	In this stage, the pre processed code is changed into low level code called object code and Performs analysis of the code like checking the semantic analysis, syntax analysis.
* Third Stage: Assembly
	Assembler converts assembly language, which is a low level language created after compilation stage is completed. 
* Fourth Stage: Linking
	Suppose multiple source files are there, then multiple object files are created and the importance of this stage is to link all these files together.
* Fifth Stage: Loading
	In this stage, the loader performs some additional tasks like dynamic linking and memory allocation

Q) When do you get compilation errors?
	1. Wrong/Misuse of syntax
	2. Semantic/Logic error
	3. Undefined variables, functions, variables
	4. Incorrect function arguments
	5. Typographical errors
	6. Incorrect usage of header

Q) When do you get linking error?
	Linking is responsible for generting final executable file, by making sure all the object files are linked together.
	Possible errors are:
	1. Undefined symbols/definitions
	2. Multiple definitions for same variable
	3. Missing libraries
	4. Order of compilation: 
	5. Incorrect library versions

Q) What is the difference between segmentation fault and Bus error?
	Both are the errors caused by invalid memory access
Segmentation fault:
	This occurs when it tries to access the memory location that it doesnt have permission to like: Stackoverflow, attempting to modify ROM like string literals, Overflow/Underflow of the array, Dereferencing NULL Pointer
Bus error:
	Hardware level memory issues like: Bus refers to channels used by CPU and other hardware, Accessing memory map, attempting to access invalid address that doesn't exist

Q) What happens when Multiple extern variable is declared in multiple C files
	When such a thing happens, It acts as global variable, and is shared between multiple
	C files

Q) Why makefile is used?
	It used to build automation tool to manage and streamline the compilation and linking 	process

Q) What are different modifiers and qualifiers in C?
	



 
